tell from the title video is going to be
my official review of this hair that I
received from diva tres calm if you guys
haven't seen this video right here just
click on that video and it will take you
to the arm video where you can see what
the hair looks like you know straight
out the package and everything before i
installed it okay so i went ahead and
installed it a couple of days later and
um yeah so again this is the freetress
equal weave and the style is called
appeal i have it in 18 inches and i have
it in a color 1b so and it is synthetic
hair is not human hair so i can give you
like the pros and the cons about this
hair i have it actually installed on a
mohawk a braided mohawk as you can see
if you follow me on Instagram you
already saw what my hair looks like and
it is braided on both sides so I could
pretty much flip the hair over any side
I want or I could wear it straight down
the middle so yeah my beautician did a
pretty good job with installing this
hair and I really love it now I'm going
to get into the pros and the cons about
this hair um the pros hair is very soft
very very soft it feels like human hair
to the touch when you when you touch it
it feels like human hair um it flows is
it's got a nice little bounce to it you
know when I walk I mountain street it's
moving it's waving it's doing all that
good stuff but one thing I did notice is
this hair frizzes up a lot um you see
how the curls are nice wave pattern but
if you like look closely I don't know if
you guys can see that it's very frizzy
so I find myself taking my shears and
cutting out the
Fritz because I tried to wet it to try
to get the curls back in that did not
work I don't want to put any product on
this hair because it's not human hair so
I'm afraid to put add any type of
product to it whatsoever so I don't want
to do that but as you can see like back
here these are pieces that are not curly
so what I have to do is pretty much cut
that out in order to keep it wavy
looking like this I mean I guess if you
comb it out um i guess it might you know
look a little better but i like the wave
pattern on his hair and i would like to
keep it that way and I'm hoping that you
know throughout the course of me wearing
my hair in this style that it doesn't
frizz up too much so I'm I'm in both
packs of hair she used both bundles
everything was good it's not heavy or
anything like that it's very very
lightweight and I like it she'd went
ahead and she cut the bangs so as you
can see when you cut it it does still
look nice cut I'm you cannot apply any
heat to this hair whatsoever so don't
try it and it does say so on the care
instructions here it says do not use hot
curler or excessive heat wear hair net
or scarf when going to sleep and I do
that I wear am NOT a hair net but I wear
upon it so maybe I should try to get it
here in it I don't know but it's frizzy
and that's the only thing that I do not
like about this hair is that it frizzes
up I can't really take that because
that's not the style that I was going
for I really wanted it to stay wavy so
that's pretty much all about this hair
just it no I would not suggest this hair
because like I said it frizzes that's
the only reason why I wouldn't suggest
it but if you don't mind the frizz if
you're one of those people that you just
want to get your paddle brush and just
paddle these paddle brush these curls
out I do not know what it would look
like if you did that so I don't know if
the curls will bounce back I don't know
if you know that we really look nice I
have no idea what what happened and I'm
not going to do that to this hair at
least not yet I probably all come back
in a later video a couple of weeks from
now when I'm ready to take it out I'll
brush it out and you know wet it up and
see you know what happens and i'll show
you guys the results from that but for
now I'm just going to keep it the way it
is in yeah I'm loving it and hope you
like I hope you guys like my new style
you will be seeing this in a couple more
videos coming up and yes I'm just going
to turn around and show you guys what
the back looks like hopefully you can
see that
so again the hair is 18 inches so it
goes down my back
I hope you guys to see pattern I hope
you didn't see the chair but i'll try to
take some pictures to show you guys you
know what the back looks like in yeah
that's my hair this is my new hair my
mohawk i'm loving it and yeah so I talk
to you guys later bye
yeah so after like I said you choose the
wig or whatever and then you leave the
comment down below description box along
with file away and do